Docs for 4.2 (#151)
kube-logging/kube-logging.github.io: content/docs/logging-infrastructure/fluentbit.md

Logging operator uses Fluent Bit as a log collector agent: Logging operator deploys Fluent Bit to your Kubernetes nodes where it collects and enriches the local logs and transfers them to a log forwarder instance.

## Ways to configure Fluent Bit

> There are three ways to configure the Fluent Bit deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to configure the Fluent Bit daemonset:
```

> 1. Using the **spec.fluentbit** section of {{% xref "/docs/logging-infrastructure/logging.md" %}}. This is the traditional way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using the **spec.fluentbit** section of {{% xref "/docs/logging-infrastructure/logging.md" %}}. This method is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.
```

1. Using the standalone FluentbitAgent CRD. This method is only available in Logging operator version 4.2 and newer, and the specification of the CRD is compatible with the **spec.fluentbit** configuration method.

> 1. Using the **spec.nodeagents** section of {{% xref "/docs/logging-infrastructure/logging.md" %}}. This method is deprecated and will be removed from the Logging operator. (Note that this configuration isn't compatible with the FluentbitAgent CRD.)

Reviewer: The fourth way is the NodeAgent CRD, which is not yet enabled by default, but will stay to keep backward compatibility with the windows fluentbit setup, which is only possible using the nodeagent structure.

Author: Yes, I left that out because you mentioned that we don't want to advertise this method IIRC. Let me know if we should add it.

### Migrating from **spec.fluentbit** to FluentbitAgent {#migrating}

The standalone FluentbitAgent CRD is only available in Logging operator version 4.2 and newer. Its specification and logic is identical with the **spec.fluentbit** configuration method. Using the FluentbitAgent CRD allows you to remove the **spec.fluentbit** section from the Logging CRD, which has the following benefits.

- RBAC control over the FluentbitAgent CRD, so you can have separate roles that can manage the Logging resource and the FluentbitAgent resource (that is, the Fluent Bit deployment).

> - It reduces the size of the Logging resource, which can reach the size limit in case of complex configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It reduces the size of the Logging resource, which can grow big enough to reach the annotation size limit in certain scenarios (e.g. when using `kubectl apply`).
```
